Half a company, why are you doing nothing?
What's wrong? See that I'm fine,
You have to do something. Are you still here?
I know, it’s a big day for Jie’ao,
You don’t want to see me, so you asked me to try it for you,
Why is that kid so busy? You tell me he looks like a dog.
It’s so early and what should I use?
From whose point of view just now, it is necessary for you,
Accompanying you, what do you mean, you have money and things to do,
Let’s just say together, you have nothing,
Sorry, it's my fault,
Your mouth will hurt outside. You and we are two generations old.
Don't think about it,
It's Gao Pan and us
To bring two wealthy couples closer together
This is really not your problem
It's just that you and him can't be together
Don't take the house here because it's too expensive.
You will definitely be happy
Isn’t he worthy of the world?
I want you
This must have been after watching Wan Jinshaoyun’s wedding
I feel the difference
I watched Wanjiaqi’s stuff
But the thing that feels closer than the face is the woman
Just asking for it, friends
Isn’t this the woman from Wanjiaqi?